content/_index.md, before:

---
title: Home
icon: home

menu:
  main:
    weight: -1

---


{{% jumbo img="/images/backgrounds/edbt-back.png"  %}}

<!-- ### 29th March-1st April, 2022  -->
## Speakers: 13    
## Seminars: 6
<!-- ### what="Speaker:11,Seminars:6" class="primary" -->
<!-- ## Utrecht University -->

<!-- <a class="btn primary btn-lg" style="margin-top: 1em;" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1td_9Cr1b2JZvv0bCpOCJNDsEWgVgEp2Y/view?usp=sharing" target="_blank">Become a sponsor</a> -->

<!--
<a class="btn primary btn-lg" href="https://conference-hall.io/public/event/HJRThubF4uYPkb7jSUxi">
    <svg class="icon icon-cfp"><use xlink:href="#cfp"></use></svg>Submit a presentation
</a>
-->

{{% /jumbo %}}


{{% home-info what="" class="primary" %}}
<!--  home-info what="Speaker:11,Seminars:6" class="primary"  -->

## What is EDBTpedia?

The EDBTpedia is a technical free sharing website for professors and students to share their research paper or tutorials. 
Our main goal is to provide a website to get more acquainted with the papers proposed at the EDBT conference. 
{{% /home-info %}}


<!-- {{< youtube-section link="N1v-MkcyIMg" title="Watch 2022 into" class="" >}} -->

<!-- ... -->



<!-- {{% home-speakers %}}
## Featured Speakers


{{< button-link label="Submit a presentation"
                url="https://conference-hall.io/public/event/HJRThubF4uYPkb7jSUxi"
                icon="cfp" >}}
 

{{< button-link label="See all speakers"
                url="./speakers"
                icon="right" >}}

{{% /home-speakers %}} -->


<!-- ... -->
<!-- 
{{% home-subscribe  class="primary" %}}

## Get notified about the important conference updates

{{% /home-subscribe %}} -->

<!-- ... -->

<!--
{{% home-tickets %}}
# Tickets

<a class="btn primary" href="https://www.billetweb.fr/devfest-toulouse-2019" target="_blank"><svg class="icon icon-cfp"><use xlink:href="#ticket"></use></svg>Ticketing</a>

<ul>
<li>{{< ticket name="Blind Birds"
           starts="2019-03-25"
           ends="2019-04-25"
           price="40 €"
           info="50 first places"
           soldOut="true"
           url="https://www.billetweb.fr/devfest-toulouse-2019" >}}</li>
<li>{{< ticket name="Early Birds"
           starts="2019-04-25"
           ends="2019-06-22"
           price="60 €"
           info="80 first places"
           soldOut="true"
           url="https://www.billetweb.fr/devfest-toulouse-2019" >}}</li>
<li>{{< ticket name="Normal"
           starts="2019-06-22"
           ends="2019-10-03"
           price="80 €"
           info="300 last places"
           soldOut="true"
           url="https://www.billetweb.fr/devfest-toulouse-2019" >}}</li>
</ul>

\* Your ticket gives you access to all conferences, coffee breaks, and lunch. Accommodation is NOT included in this price.

{{% /home-tickets %}}
-->

<!-- ... -->

<!-- {{% home-location
    image="/images/map.jpg"
    address="11 Espl. Compans Caffarelli, 31000 Toulouse"
    latitude="43.6110956"
    longitude="1.4332799" %}} -->

## The venue

### Centre de Congrès Pierre Baudis

The Centre de Congrès Pierre Baudis is a modern place of exchange,
located on a privileged location,
in the immediate vicinity of the centre of Toulouse and in a green environment.

{{% /home-location %}}

<!-- ... -->

<!-- {{% album images="/images/album/_1.jpg,/images/album/_2.jpg,/images/album/_3.jpg,/images/album/_4.jpg,/images/album/_5.jpg,/images/album/2018/_25A9612.jpg,/images/album/_7.jpg,/images/album/2018/_25A9628.jpg" %}}

### Some pictures of the **EDBT Conference**.

<a class="btn primary" target="_blank" rel="noopener" href="https://photos.app.goo.gl/nJYFVReFUk9mnXbv9">
    See all photos
    {{% icon "right" %}}
</a>

{{% /album  %}} -->

<!-- ... --> 

<!-- {{% partners categories="platinium,gold,startup,soutien,communautes" %}}
## Partners
{{% /partners %}} -->

Commit message:

- Add summar school EDBT 2019 sessions - Add videos of tutorial EDBT 2022/2021

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: Home
icon: home

menu:
  main:
    weight: -1

---


{{% jumbo img="/images/backgrounds/edbt-back.png"  %}}

<!-- ### 29th March-1st April, 2022  -->
## Speakers: 20    
## Seminars: 12
<!-- ### what="Speaker:11,Seminars:6" class="primary" -->
<!-- ## Utrecht University -->

<!-- <a class="btn primary btn-lg" style="margin-top: 1em;" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1td_9Cr1b2JZvv0bCpOCJNDsEWgVgEp2Y/view?usp=sharing" target="_blank">Become a sponsor</a> -->

<!--
<a class="btn primary btn-lg" href="https://conference-hall.io/public/event/HJRThubF4uYPkb7jSUxi">
    <svg class="icon icon-cfp"><use xlink:href="#cfp"></use></svg>Submit a presentation
</a>
-->

{{% /jumbo %}}


{{% home-info what="" class="primary" %}}
<!--  home-info what="Speaker:11,Seminars:6" class="primary"  -->

## **EDBTpedia**

**EDBTpedia** is a media placeholder for the scientific tutorials and other education seminars that the EDBT community has organised. EDBT is a strong supporter of Open Science which is why it is making every effort to make these videos open to the public.

**Disclaimer**: The videos were not designed to be online material, but were live presentations in conferences or summer schools, that were simply recorded As such, they may not be up to the quality expected for an online presentation or tutorial. 
{{% /home-info %}}


<!-- {{< youtube-section link="N1v-MkcyIMg" title="Watch 2022 into" class="" >}} -->

<!-- ... -->



<!-- {{% home-speakers %}}
## Featured Speakers


{{< button-link label="Submit a presentation"
                url="https://conference-hall.io/public/event/HJRThubF4uYPkb7jSUxi"
                icon="cfp" >}}
 

{{< button-link label="See all speakers"
                url="./speakers"
                icon="right" >}}

{{% /home-speakers %}} -->


<!-- ... -->
<!-- 
{{% home-subscribe  class="primary" %}}

## Get notified about the important conference updates

{{% /home-subscribe %}} -->

<!-- ... -->

<!--
{{% home-tickets %}}
# Tickets

<a class="btn primary" href="https://www.billetweb.fr/devfest-toulouse-2019" target="_blank"><svg class="icon icon-cfp"><use xlink:href="#ticket"></use></svg>Ticketing</a>

<ul>
<li>{{< ticket name="Blind Birds"
           starts="2019-03-25"
           ends="2019-04-25"
           price="40 €"
           info="50 first places"
           soldOut="true"
           url="https://www.billetweb.fr/devfest-toulouse-2019" >}}</li>
<li>{{< ticket name="Early Birds"
           starts="2019-04-25"
           ends="2019-06-22"
           price="60 €"
           info="80 first places"
           soldOut="true"
           url="https://www.billetweb.fr/devfest-toulouse-2019" >}}</li>
<li>{{< ticket name="Normal"
           starts="2019-06-22"
           ends="2019-10-03"
           price="80 €"
           info="300 last places"
           soldOut="true"
           url="https://www.billetweb.fr/devfest-toulouse-2019" >}}</li>
</ul>

\* Your ticket gives you access to all conferences, coffee breaks, and lunch. Accommodation is NOT included in this price.

{{% /home-tickets %}}
-->

<!-- ... -->

<!-- {{% home-location
    image="/images/map.jpg"
    address="11 Espl. Compans Caffarelli, 31000 Toulouse"
    latitude="43.6110956"
    longitude="1.4332799" %}} -->

## The venue

### Centre de Congrès Pierre Baudis

The Centre de Congrès Pierre Baudis is a modern place of exchange,
located on a privileged location,
in the immediate vicinity of the centre of Toulouse and in a green environment.

{{% /home-location %}}

<!-- ... -->

<!-- {{% album images="/images/album/_1.jpg,/images/album/_2.jpg,/images/album/_3.jpg,/images/album/_4.jpg,/images/album/_5.jpg,/images/album/2018/_25A9612.jpg,/images/album/_7.jpg,/images/album/2018/_25A9628.jpg" %}}

### Some pictures of the **EDBT Conference**.

<a class="btn primary" target="_blank" rel="noopener" href="https://photos.app.goo.gl/nJYFVReFUk9mnXbv9">
    See all photos
    {{% icon "right" %}}
</a>

{{% /album  %}} -->

<!-- ... --> 

<!-- {{% partners categories="platinium,gold,startup,soutien,communautes" %}}
## Partners
{{% /partners %}} -->
